{\rtf1\mac \deff8\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f5\fnil\fcharset77\fprq2 Arial;}{\f8\fnil\fcharset77\fprq2 Times;}{\f11\fnil\fcharset77\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f48\fnil\fcharset77\fprq2 Palatino;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue212;\red2\green171\blue234;\red31\green183\blue20;\red242\green8\blue132;\red221\green8\blue6;\red252\green243\blue5;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green100\blue17;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f8\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\lang2057\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f5\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s6\keepn\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \b\f48 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \f8\fs22\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext15 Body Text 3;}{\s16\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\cf6\lang2057\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext16 Body Text 2;}{\s17\qj\fi-720\li760\sb240\sl360\slmult0\widctlpar \f8\cf1 \sbasedon0\snext17 Margarita;}{\s18\widctlpar \f11\fs20\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext18 Plain Text;}{\*\cs19 \additive\sbasedon10 page number;}{\s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar \b\caps\f8\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s21\widctlpar\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306 \f8\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext21 header;}{\s22\li240\widctlpar \f8\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{\s23\li480\widctlpar \f8\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{\s24\li720\widctlpar \f8\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 4;}{\s25\li960\widctlpar \f8\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 5;}{\s26\li1200\widctlpar \f8\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 6;}{\s27\li1440\widctlpar \f8\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 7;}{\s28\li1680\widctlpar \f8\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 8;}{\s29\li1920\widctlpar \f8\lang2057 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 9;}}{\info{\title B1: Title Page}{\author carazo, JM}{\operator Eduardo Gonzalez Couto}{\creatim\yr1999\mo12\dy1\hr9\min51}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49231}}\paperw11906\paperh16838 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\lang2057\kerning28 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc452570542}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc452570673}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc466816732}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc466816737__}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc452570675__}B1: Title Page{\*\bkmkend _Toc452570542}{\*\bkmkend _Toc452570673}{\*\bkmkend _Toc466816732}\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f8\lang2057 \par \par \par \par \par \par \par \par \par \par \par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp620 \b\i\f5\lang2057 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc466816733}Full Title:{\*\bkmkend _Toc466816733}\tab  {\i0\fs28 Exploring large biological data bases of \tab \tab \tab \tab multidimensional images by a query-by-content \tab \tab approach}\par {\*\bkmkstart _Toc466816734}Acronym:\tab {\i0\fs28 {\*\bkmkend _Toc466816734}BIOQbC\par }{\*\bkmkstart _Toc466816735}Date:\tab \tab {\i0\fs28 22 November revision from 12 November 1999{\*\bkmkend _Toc466816735}\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \f8\lang2057 {\b\f5\fs28\kerning28 \page \par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\lang2057\kerning28 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc452570543}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc452570674}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc466816736}B2: Table of Contents{\*\bkmkend _Toc452570543}{\*\bkmkend _Toc452570674}{\*\bkmkend _Toc466816736}\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f8\lang2057 \par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\lang2057\kerning28 \page  {\*\bkmkstart _Toc466816737}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc452570544}{\*\bkmkend _Toc466816737}B3:  Objectives and Expected Achievements{\*\bkmkend _Toc452570544}{\*\bkmkend _Toc466816737__}\par \pard\plain \qj\widctlpar \f8\lang2057 {\b\i \par Background:} \par \par UNRAVELLING -at least partially- the complexity of life is one of the dreams of Humanity. Along this line, the fight against agents that could threaten this life is certainly one the goals that any developed SOCIETY wishes to set upon itself. Also, being a very complex goal, the need of interdisciplinary approaches come as natural in this context. In this way, rooted in very concrete and wide-ranging biological needs, and working in co-ordination with one of the major EUROPEAN pharmaceutical companies, we propose a work in the Engineering arena aiming at the developing of new and powerful ways to search among the vast QUANTITY of diverse types of multidimensional images that are being generated in biological research. \par \par Multidimensional images in biology are organized in several databases, depending on the type of information they hold. Starting at the molecular level, the Macromolecular Database (MSD) host information of the three-dimensional structure of biological macromolecules.  \par \par Biological macromolecules interact among them, and carry on in this way their biological functions, through specific spatial interactions. It is therefore logical that the knowledge of their three-dimensional (3D) structure is nowadays considered a truly essential piece of information to understand in detail how these molecule work. In this period where the genome sequencing of several organisms is close to completition -including the Human Genome- inferring the biological function of proteins and the underlying molecular mechanisms is key to further proceed with strategic issues like the \ldblquote drug discovery\rdblquote  medical endeavour.\par \par Working either from natural compounds or from a {\strike a} \ldblquote rational\rdblquote  approach to drug design in which the explicit knowledge of the 3D structure of macromolecules is TAKEN into account, pharmaceutical researchers have adopted revolutionary techniques in areas such as combinatorial chemistry, high throughput screening, genomics and proteomics. These techniques streamline the discovery process and make researchers' more productive. However, most of these techniques generate information in the form of images, which are produced in huge amounts along the screening process. Obviously, this situation creates an image management problem, which has started to be addressed by the development of new biological image data bases both in the context of European projects as well as WITHIN pharmaceutical companies. More significantly, vast amounts of valuable information contained in the images themselves are lost due to time constraints and lack of proper tools to search through them.\par \par Finally, following the identification of thousands of new gene sequences as a result of the various genome projects, and consequent upon the development of Green Fluorescent Protein technology to allow visualization of the expression of gene products in living cells, the race is now on to identify the functions of the protein products of many new genes, and the times and sites of their expression in the living organism, using time-lapse video microscopy or four-dimensional ({\i x}, {\i y}, {\i z} and {\b\i time}) confocal microscopy at different time points during embryonic development. As a consequence, it will be increasingly important to be able to perform efficient digital searches on moving image data.\par \par In summary, biological information in the form of 3D structures, still microscopic images and videos is NOWADAYS structured in several large and complex data bases which tend to grow exponentially and which are essential for biological research.  Search in those databases IS right now performed ON THE BASIS OF textual queries only. This project aims at  developing new tools in the area of \ldblquote Query by Content\rdblquote  that would have a direct impact in the way this multidimensional information is analyzed, potentially speeding up key stages in the drug discovery process.\par \par {\b\i Objectives:\par \par }The strategic goal of this proposal is the development of query by content capabilities over key biological data bases of multidimensional images. In particular, we will concentrate on the Macromolecular Structural Database (REF), containing 3D structures of biological macromolecules, and on developing databases for multidimensional images such as BioImage (REF) and the Global Image Database (REF, COMMUNICATION AT BIOIMAGE MEETING IN GRENOBLE OR http://www.gwer.ch/qv/gid/gid.htm).\par \par Applied to MSD, our OBJECTIVE will be the modellization of the volumetric and surface properties of macromolecules such that queries on the their structural content could be performed. A morphological analysis along with a topological description of these structures is essential, and great care has to be taken to preserve them along the modelling and mapping  steps. Additionally, it should be noted that the data are truly multidimensional -rather than \ldblquote just\rdblquote  three-dimensional-, since attributes such as \ldblquote electric charge\rdblquote  or \ldblquote hydrophobicity\rdblquote  are common among biological macromolecules.\par \par Macromolecular 3D structures will be first processed in such a way as to extract AUTOMATICALLY volumetric features such as \ldblquote channels\rdblquote , \ldblquote cavities (internal and external)\rdblquote , \ldblquote SYMMETRIES\rdblquote ... Then their surfaces (\ldblquote iso surfaces\rdblquote  in terms of either the electron density or the Coulomb potential) will be modelled in terms of \ldblquote patches\rdblquote . As an initial approach to the problem, we would decompose the surfaces into a tesselation of quadratic or cubic patches (Bricault and Monga, 1997), constrained by the fact that certain biologically significant borders and crest lines need to be preserved. In this way the information modelling process directly leads us to the field of spatial databases (Grumbach et al., 1998), whose EXTENSION to managing three-dimensional data will be addressed in this project. The plan is then to develop query tools that utilize these surface patches to retrieve from a database of macromolecules those entities that satisfy some user-specified surface patch characteristics\par \par In {\strike this way, and in} order to provide just an example of a realistic query, we WOULD aim at developing systems able to process a query DESIGNED TO FIND, for INSTANCE, concave surfaces of specified shape and size and with defined electrostatic characteristics such as interaction with a given family of substrates {\strike could be possible}. Also, the finding of certain local (or sometimes global) SIMILARITIES among the 3D structure of -in principle- unrelated macromolecules, often open new venues for pharmacological research. A prototype, proof-of-concept, system has already been DEVELOPED among some of the partners of this consortium, and further work will proceed from these bases.\par \par Applied to either the BioImage data base or the Global Image Database, our objective will be the analysis of -in general- 3D image stacks displaying the localization of a protein of interest with the goal of detecting intracellular protein co-localization events. In this area of study it is ACKNOWLEDGED that the identification of many of the morphological areas of interest in a cell will be a non-trivial task due to the intrinsic and natural variations that occur from cell to cell.\par \par As today the pharmaceutical partner of this project has intensely worked in the area of segmentation and quantitation sets of these images and 3D STACKS of images. A first aspect of the frame will be the segmentation of the images into defined areas of biological intrinsic relevance, such as nuclei, golgi apparatus, etc{\cchs0 \'85} A set of primitive visual features will be defined for each of these areas, along with the appropriate algorithms developed to extract these specific features directly from microscopy images. \par \par Experience in the quantitative analysis of biological microscopy images indicates that features like texture, intensity, sizes and topological relationships are important for their characterisation. In addition, in the case of 3D objects constituted by stacked sets of images, the calculation of partial volumes and shape characteristics is also important. Topological and local geometrical properties are expected to grow in importance as more multiple LABELLING experiments are performed to study co-localization of cellular components. The extracted visual features will be considered in the modelling step as attributes of the images referring to their content. These visual features, together with topological relationships, will be used in comparison functions returning "distance" measurements among 2D and 3D images. By taking advantage of the annotations, of the automatically extracted visual features, as well as of topological considerations, new relationships can be found among the images. A prototype system with reduced functionality is currently operational at the site of the Pharmaceutical partner.\par \par The images to be studied will contain, in a first study case, cell biology images created using intracellular fluorescent labelling methods, and in the longer term histology sections from tissues to show gene expression patterns using immunocytochemistry or in-situ hybridisation techniques. Typical questions to be resolved by the advanced query by content techniques that will be developed along this project CONCERN THE AUTOMATED CLASSIFICATION OF GENE EXPRESSION PATTERNS AT THE PROTEIN OR MESSENGER RNA LEVEL. THEREFORE, QUERY BY CONTENT TECHNIQUES WILL BE APPLIED IN THE FIELDS OF ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE, ASTHMA, AND RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS RESEARCH.\par \par As for video microscopy data of living cells, all the complexity already encountered when addressing still images in the previous paragraphs gets substantially augmented both due to the introduction of the notion of \ldblquote event\rdblquote , as well as due to the vast amount of data to be analyzed. Prototype work has already been done by some of the partners studying defined sets of biological videos in which a precise definition of the features of interests could be done a priori.  Probably the most COMPLEX case addressed so far has been the study of T lymphocyte CYTOTOXICITY videos (Loke {\i et al}., 1999). \par \par In these T lymphocyte cytotoxicity videos, the determination of the positions and ruffling movements of slow\_moving fibroblast target cells, of the positions, trajectories and search durations of highly motile cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL), of the times and positions of the first contacts of CTL with individual target cells, of the durations of the interaction between the CTL and the target cells, of the times and locations of departures of CTL from target cells, and of the times of onset of apoptotic death in target cells; the recognition of serial killers; and the identification of cell divisions of CTL or target cells \endash \endash  all with respect to differing experimental conditions such as the concentration of antigenic peptides on the surface of the target cells or sequence mutations in such peptides. No pilot work on the automated analysis of this complex system, involving two interacting cell types and multiple event types, has yet been undertaken.\par \par {\b It is the strategic goal of this project to bring together biological laboratories, including a key PHARMACEUTICAL company, and recognized active players in the area of Query by Content in multidimensional images. In this way new technical approaches to search over vast quantities of information in the form of multidimensional images will be developed in a cross-disciplinary manner, assuring that biological applications will both foster new engineering DEVELOPMENTS and THAT, conversely, they get IMMEDIATE profit from them.} \par \par \par {\i Bibliography (TO BE WORKED UPON. SINCE SECTION B SHOULD BE ANONYMOUS; THE REFERENCES SHOULD BE BY NUMBER IN A LIST ATTACHES TO SECTION C)}\par \par 1.- Carazo, J.M.,{\b  }Stelzer, E., Engel, A., Fita, I., Henn, C., Machtynger, J., McNeil, P., Shotton, D.M., Chagoyen, M., de Alarc{\cchs0 \'f3}n, P.A., Lindek, S., Fritsch, R., Heymann, Kalko, S., Pittet, J.J, Rodr{\cchs0 \'ed}guez Tom{\cchs0 \'e9}, P. y Boudier, T.{\b , }1999, Nucl.Acids Res., 27:280-283\par 2.- Bricault. I. and Monga, O., 1977, Comp. Vision and Image Unders., 67:24-38\par 3.- de Alarcon, A. Gupta and J.M.Carazo, J.Struct.Biol., 112-122\par 4.- Grumbach,S., Rigaux, P. and Segoufin, L., 1998, Proc. ACM SIGMOD, August 98\par 5.- Gupta, A. and Jain, R., 1997, Comm. of the ACM, 40:71-79.\par 6.- Holm L. and Sander, C., 1996, Methods in Enzymology, 1999, vol. 266: 653-663\par 7- Loke, P., Attaran, A., Robin, M., Stephen, S. L., Atkinson, S. and Shotton, D. M., 1999, Eur. J. Immunol. 29: 1793-1802.\par 8.- Montelione, G.T. and Anderson, S., Nature Struct.Biol., 6(1):11-12\par 9.- Shindyalov I.N.and Bourne P.E., 1998, Protein Eng., 11:739-747\par 10.-Sussman, Lin, Jiang, Manning, Prilusky, Ritter and Abola, Acta Crystallogt.Sect.D, 54: 1078-1084.\par \pard \widctlpar ----------------\par \par \pard \qj\widctlpar \par \par \pard \widctlpar \par \page \par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\lang2057\kerning28 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc452570675}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc452570545}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc452570676}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc466816738}{\*\bkmkend _Toc452570675__}{\*\bkmkend _Toc452570675}B4:  Contribution to programme/specific action objectives{\*\bkmkend _Toc452570545}{\*\bkmkend _Toc452570676}{\*\bkmkend _Toc466816738}\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f8\lang2057 \par \pard \qj\widctlpar This project is truly inspired on the strategic motivations of the V Frame Work Program in that it first targets a real and concrete problem with a very deep social impact , and then propose a multidisciplinary approach hat has to be solved by raising wide-ranges synergies among the partners of the project that address horizontally as well as vertically many of the activities of the Framework. \par \par The socio-economic challenge that we propose to help solving refers to the analysis of the informational content of multidimensional images databases in biology. This knowledge has an IMMEDIATE connection with our understanding of how biological process occur which, in turn,  has a clear impact in raising the quality of life of the SOCIETY by unlashing new information processing opportunities with an IMMEDIATE impact in CRUCIAL medical processes such as the so called  \ldblquote drug discovery endeavour\rdblquote , the more accurate diagnosed of illness, as well as the more personalized treatment of sick citizens.\par \par This proposal DEPENDS ON new developments in the field of DATAbase engineering and computer vision that fit very well within the Thematic Program \ldblquote User Friendly Information Society\rdblquote , Key Action \ldblquote MULTIMEDIA Content and Tools\rdblquote  and, more specifically, Action 2.-3.5, \ldblquote Information access, filtering and handling\rdblquote . In particular, the OBJECTIVE of that action is stated as: \ldblquote OBJECTIVE: To develop new coding and indexing technologies and to achieve wide industrial consensus on coding standards for next generation visual, auditory, 3-D and multi-sensory media and associated metadata{\i\ul , allowing search and retrieval by content characteristics}\rdblquote .\par \par Interactions with other Key Actions of the IST Thematic Program can also be found in relation with Action 1.2-1.2 \ldblquote Health\rdblquote . As for interactions with other Thematic Programs, the developments in the engineering field which are proposed in this project will have an immediate impact in virtually the whole of the \ldblquote Quality of Life\rdblquote  Program. \par \par Additionally, in this project we contemplate the incorporation of one European International Organization, such as the European BioInformatics Institute, which is the central bioinformatics resource in Europe, as well as two NORTH American groups under the terms of the \ldblquote EC-US Agreement for Scientific and Technical Cooperation\rdblquote  (the two US groups are not seeking for EU funding, but are requesting these funds to their national funding agencies). \par \par {\fs20 \par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\lang2057\kerning28 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc452570546}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc452570677}\page {\*\bkmkstart _Toc466816739}B5:  Innovation aspects{\*\bkmkend _Toc452570546}{\*\bkmkend _Toc452570677}{\*\bkmkend _Toc466816739}\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f8\lang2057 \par \par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\lang2057\kerning28 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc452570547}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc452570678}\page {\*\bkmkstart _Toc466816740}B6:  Project workplan{\*\bkmkend _Toc452570547}{\*\bkmkend _Toc452570678}{\*\bkmkend _Toc466816740}\par \pard\plain \qj\widctlpar \f8\lang2057 {\fs20 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\b \par \par \page }{\fs20 \par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw30 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp80 \b\f5\fs28\lang2057\kerning28 {\*\bkmkstart _Toc466816741}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc452570551}{\*\bkmkstart _Toc452570681}WP2.\tab \tab \tab \tab Workpackage descriptio{\*\bkmkend _Toc466816741}n\par \pard \s1\qc\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw30 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw30\brsp80 N AME OF THE WORKPACKAGE\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f5\lang2057 {\b0 {\*\bkmkend _Toc452570551}{\*\bkmkend _Toc452570681}\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \f8\lang2057 {\b \par }\pard \widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp260 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 {\b Workpackage number: }WP1{\b \par Start date or starting event:\par No of the partner responsible: \par No\rquote s of other partners involved: \par Person months per partner:} \par \pard \widctlpar {\b \par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \f8\fs22\lang2057 {\b\fs24 Objectives \par }\pard \s15\qj\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 {\b\fs20 \par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \f8\lang2057 {\b \par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \f8\fs22\lang2057 {\b\fs24 Description of Work\par }\pard \s15\qj\fi720\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 {\fs20 \par }\pard\plain \s21\widctlpar\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306 \f8\lang2057 {\b \par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \f8\lang2057 {\b Deliverables\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 {\cs19\fs20 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\b \par }\pard\plain \s6\keepn\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp80 \b\f48 Milestones and expected results {\cs19\fs20 \par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \f8\lang2057 \par }